Update security docs (#794)
OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/api/security.adoc

:github-icon: pass:[<svg class="icon"><use href="#github-icon"/></svg>]

= Security

Reference of components, interfaces and utilities found in the library's `security/` directory.

== Initializable

[.contract]
[[InitializableComponent]]

> === `++InitializableComponent++` link:https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts/blob/release-v0.7.0/src/security/initializable.cairo[{github-icon},role=heading-link]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== `++InitializableComponent++` link:https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts/blob/release-v0.8.0-beta.0/src/security/initializable.cairo[{github-icon},role=heading-link]
```

```javascript
use openzeppelin::security::InitializableComponent;
```

Component enabling one-time initialization for contracts.

[.contract-index]
.Embeddable Implementations
--
.InitializableImpl

* xref:#InitializableComponent-is_initialized[`++is_initialized(self)++`]
--

[.contract-index]
.Internal Implementations
--
.InternalImpl

* xref:#InitializableComponent-initialize[`++initialize(self)++`]
--

[#InitializableComponent-Embeddable-Functions]
==== Embeddable Functions

[.contract-item]
[[InitializableComponent-is_initialized]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++is_initialized++#++(self: @ComponentState)++ → bool` [.item-kind]#external#

Returns whether the contract has been initialized.

[#InitializableComponent-Internal-Functions]
==== Internal Functions

[.contract-item]
[[InitializableComponent-initialize]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++initialize++#++(ref self: ComponentState)++` [.item-kind]#internal#

> Ensures the calling function can only be called once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initializes the contract. Can only be called once.
```

Requirements:

- the contract must not have been initialized before.

== Pausable

[.contract]
[[PausableComponent]]

> === `++PausableComponent++` link:https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts/blob/release-v0.7.0/src/security/pausable.cairo[{github-icon},role=heading-link]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== `++PausableComponent++` link:https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts/blob/release-v0.8.0-beta.0/src/security/pausable.cairo[{github-icon},role=heading-link]
```

:Paused: xref:PausableComponent-Paused[Paused]
:Unpaused: xref:PausableComponent-Unpaused[Unpaused]

```javascript
use openzeppelin::security::PausableComponent;
```

Component to implement an emergency stop mechanism.

[.contract-index]
.Embeddable Implementations
--
.PausableImpl

* xref:#PausableComponent-is_paused[`++is_paused(self)++`]
--

[.contract-index]
.Internal Implementations
--
.InternalImpl

* xref:#PausableComponent-assert_not_paused[`++assert_not_paused(self)++`]
* xref:#PausableComponent-assert_paused[`++assert_paused(self)++`]
* xref:#PausableComponent-_pause[`++_pause(self)++`]
* xref:#PausableComponent-_unpause[`++_unpause(self)++`]
--

[.contract-index]
.Events
--
* xref:#PausableComponent-Paused[`++Paused(account)++`]
* xref:#PausableComponent-Unpaused[`++Unpaused(account)++`]
--

[#PausableComponent-Embeddable-Functions]
==== Embeddable Functions

[.contract-item]
[[PausableComponent-is_paused]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++is_paused++#++(self: @ComponentState)++ → bool` [.item-kind]#external#

> Returns whether the contract is currently on pause.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns whether the contract is currently paused.
```

[#PausableComponent-Internal-Functions]
==== Internal Functions

[.contract-item]
[[PausableComponent-assert_not_paused]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++assert_not_paused++#++(self: @ComponentState)++` [.item-kind]#internal#

> Makes a function only callable when the contract is not paused.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Panics if the contract is paused.
```
I think this is more explicit and clear than "not callable", which might simply mean it does nothing. It's also important to be clear when a function reverts execution.

[.contract-item]
[[PausableComponent-assert_paused]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++assert_paused++#++(self: @ComponentState)++` [.item-kind]#internal#

> Makes a function only callable when the contract is paused.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Panics if the contract is not paused.
```

[.contract-item]
[[PausableComponent-_pause]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++_pause++#++(ref self: ComponentState)++` [.item-kind]#internal#

Pauses the contract.

> Requirements:
> 
> - the contract must not be paused.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requires the contract not to be paused.
```

I'm not sure how I feel about these single element lists, maybe we should be flexible with this format.

Author: Maybe is better to address that in a separate issue? There are other places where this is used as well, and I would like to maintain the consistency

Emits a {Paused} event.

[.contract-item]
[[PausableComponent-_unpause]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++_unpause++#++(ref self: ComponentState)++` [.item-kind]#internal#

Unpauses the contract.

Requirements:

- the contract must be paused.

Emits an {Unpaused} event.

[#PausableComponent-Events]
==== Events

[.contract-item]
[[PausableComponent-Paused]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++Paused++#++(account: ContractAddress)++` [.item-kind]#event#

> Emitted when the pause is triggered by `account`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Emitted when the contract is paused by `account`.
```
I think this reads better

[.contract-item]
[[PausableComponent-Unpaused]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++Unpaused++#++(account: ContractAddress)++` [.item-kind]#event#

> Emitted when the pause is lifted by `account`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Emitted when the contract is unpaused by `account`.
```

== ReentrancyGuard

[.contract]
[[ReentrancyGuardComponent]]

> === `++ReentrancyGuardComponent++` link:https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts/blob/release-v0.7.0/src/security/reentrancyguard.cairo[{github-icon},role=heading-link]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== `++ReentrancyGuardComponent++` link:https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts/blob/release-v0.8.0-beta.0/src/security/reentrancyguard.cairo[{github-icon},role=heading-link]
```

```javascript
use openzeppelin::security::ReentrancyGuardComponent;
```

> Component to help prevent nested (reentrant) calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Component to help prevent reentrant calls.
```

[.contract-index]
.Internal Implementations
--
.InternalImpl

* xref:#ReentrancyGuardComponent-start[`++start(self)++`]
* xref:#ReentrancyGuardComponent-end[`++end(self)++`]
--

[#ReentrancyGuardComponent-Internal-Functions]
==== Internal Functions

[.contract-item]
[[ReentrancyGuardComponent-start]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++start++#++(ref self: ComponentState)++` [.item-kind]#internal#

Prevents a contract's function from calling itself or another protected function, directly or indirectly.

> Requirements:
> 
> - the contract must not be currently in a guarded state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requires the `ReentrancyGuard` to not be currently enabled.
```
what do you think?

Author: The sentence read better, but as [mentioned before](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts/pull/794#discussion_r1389317656), I think the single line requirement could be a separate issue and PR.
